Introduction
=========================================

``Written By Modern``

Hi! I’m Miles Prower, but you can call me “Tails”! You probably know about my best friend, Sonic the Hedgehog. We go on all sorts of adventures together at all sorts of interesting locales. Usually we try to stop Doctor Ivo Robotnik, A.K.A. Dr. Eggman, an evil mad scientist bent on obtaining the Chaos Emeralds, 7 gems of mystical power that come from bizarre dimensions known as Special Stages. Eggman hopes to use the Chaos Emeralds to build Eggmanland, a quote unquote “Utopia” where he is the sole ruler. Fortunately though, me and Sonic are always there to stop him just in time, occasionally with the aid of our allies Knuckles the Echidna, Mighty the Armadillo, and Ray the Flying Squirrel. Anyways, as I was taking my usual morning walk to collect my thoughts, I came across something that caught my attention. It was a giant machine about the size of a building. My instincts immediately told me Eggman was behind this, and sure enough, the mad Doctor himself walked out of a nearby entrance to the machine, chucklingly evilly to himself. Luckily, I hid myself in the bushes just in time, so he didn’t see me. You might not realize it, but us foxes have pretty great reflexes! When I was sure the coast was clear, I made my way into the building to see for myself what Eggman was up to. Inside the machine was a bunch of monitors and doohickeys plastered all over the walls and ceiling, with one main computer attached to the rear wall. After entering Eggman’s administrator password to open up the console (fun fact: it’s 123456789!) I opened up the machine blueprints to see what I was up against. It seemed that Eggman had somehow built a reality altering device that could change the very terrain of the planet! Of course, he decided to harness this machine to build obstacles so fierce and gnarly that it would be impossible for Sonic to complete, thus ensuring his inevitable defeat! I don’t know why he didn’t just use this machine to build his coveted Eggmanland without interference, but I’m sure he has his reasons. I knew I had to stop Eggman, but Sonic was nowhere to be found, so I was on my own. Unfortunately, while I could access some of the documents and machine plans (as well as Eggman’s secret diary!) I couldn’t actually use the machine itself. It seemed to require some sort of “Data” files, which I don’t think I have. Eggman seems to have set the machine on autopilot, so I won’t have to worry about him coming back anytime soon, but unless I can figure out what the machine means by Data files, I’m kind of stuck.... Wait! What’s that you’ve got there? Is that... a legally purchased with money copy of Sonic Mania™️ and/or its Encore DLC™️? I think you have just the files I’m looking for! How about we team up together to get this machine working and use it to build a level that Sonic can clear? I’ll read off the instructions to you, and you can design the level! Awesome, let’s go! 
